The teacher is behind u lil bro
The earth is flat
dont unstellar client
3 is too easy
nobody will get the reference
Doxed
georgeonchatgpt
I won't use chat gpt
based
if two people like this then im leaking eaglercraft 1.21
(it will have jenny mod)
one more like
I like my cheese drippy bruh!
why? ;-;
cant do this one
100% a furry femboy
echo client sucks
Freaky time >:)
Dinnerbone
Diddy bone
Ain't no party like a Diddy Party!
Sharing is caring! (unless its an std)
im gonna stop deleting messages
Bigger than 2 inches!
alr added
Please Enjoy Nice Intimate Situations
>:)
this without the space ^
:D
"Im NOT pulling out"
opera is the best browser ever
DIDDY DIDNT DO IT!
Freak off in 30 mins
i wanna join
Mom said it was my turn on the xbox
what's the wifi password
ill check this in about 30-60 min
bruh
I like turtles
nigga
They hit the north tower
Shut it
stop the pings1!1!
Delete system32
reverse yeeing
Hot single moms in your area
interpropriate
i've seen your search history.
Hey kid, you want free candy?
clicked on it
9+10=21
i didn't know she was 16
What's this white stuff?
Is it just me, or are half of these splash texts deranged?
teacher is coming
https://blocked.goguardian.com/
"Im sorry she didnt make it"
includes bonzi buddy
bro wake up its 2014
thick of it
How thick?
Hey everyone, Dan here from The Diamond Minecart
f to pay respects to zumbiepig for reviewing this full chat
I love touching zumbies boosums
https://www.reddit.com/r/eaglercraft/
FIEN FIEN FIEN
No 😭
rizz mode deactivated
Dog eating cake in da frige
Why did Microsoft buy Minecraft for 2.5 Billion Dollars when they could have bought it for 30$?
"According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible." (We don't even have bees)
🤓 🖕
i failed my art class, expect evil to happen
#FREEDIDDY
Aged like milk
"can i milk you?"
punch a cow with a bucket
From the gyat, to sus, to the rizz, to the mew
paul eagler 2: the revival
mom, the eaglercraft discord got taken down again
Title screen splash text
once a skid, always a skid
Exercise?  i thought u meant extra fries!
I FUCKNG hate curious George
i hate neigbors
#zumbie on talk tuah podcast
Lick Lick
This channel will close at 4:00PM (no this is not a splash). You will still be able to react after this time, so get your messages in!
Start spamming splash screen ideas
Peyton is gay
no spam
i've been sitting at my computer for 1 hour just saying splashes.
Group pissing in 5 mins
I haven't seen the outside world for 13 hours because I've been playing Minecraft.
touching grass? what a JOKE.
discord.gg/starlike
How many dicks can i fit in my mouth?
I'm gonna test that.
woah
HEEYY WHO DELETED THAT >:(
no fake members!
for christmas, i want jenny mod.
Jenny and Warden Hawk Tuah!
(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻
10 likes = my pfp be Zombie Pigman fr
Jfkxicjglckfhtldj
same rules, 5 👍 to get added
better than 1.8
Justin Client
Simga!
george is skid
IM IN YOUR WALLS
Joy and Anxiety in a rap battle!!
skibidi toilet
8===D
5 likes
placeholder i forgot to remove lmao
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Make this a title screen splash
do i change to 4 👍
Minecraftforfree.com
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is a US law that protects copyright holders from online theft and infringement.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is a 1998 United States copyright law that implements two 1996 treaties of the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO). It criminalizes production and dissemination of technology, devices, or services intended to circumvent measures that control access to copyrighted works (commonly known as digital rights management or DRM). It also criminalizes the act of circumventing an access control, whether or not there is actual infringement of copyright itself. [citation needed] In addition, the DMCA heightens the penalties for copyright infringement on the Internet.[1][2] Passed on October 12, 1998, by a unanimous vote in the United States Senate and signed into law by President Bill Clinton on October 28, 1998, the DMCA amended Title 17 of the United States Code to extend the reach of copyright, while limiting the liability of the providers of online services for copyright infringement by their users.
funny splash
Oiled up?
lax1dude vs microsoft
Hi everyone - random discord person
gg
get this to 4 likes guys